:Summary: Orion's Belt War Quotes

 Ten soldiers wisely led will beat a hundred without a head. - Euripides 
 He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat. - Napoleon Bonaparte
 A soldier will fight long and hard for a bit of colored ribbon. - Napoleon Bonaparte
 He, who controls the controls the past, commands the future. He who rules the futures conquers the past. - Cain, Command &  Conquer
 I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy. - John Adams
 If it's natural to kill, how come men have to go into training to learn how? - Joan Baez
 An unjust peace is better than a just war. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
 The direct use of force is such a poor solution to any problem, it is generally employed only by small children and large  nations. - David Friedman
 All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers. - Francois Fenelon
 Damn the torpedoes! Full speed ahead! - David G. Farragut
 War is not an adventure. It is a disease. It is like typhus. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
 There is nothing that war has ever achieved that we could not better achieve without it. - Henry Ellis
 We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
 The release of atomic energy has not created a new problem. It has merely made more urgent the necessity of solving an existing one. - Albert Einstein
 The release of atom power has changed everything except our way of thinking... the solution to this problem lies in the  heart of mankind. If only I had known, I should have become a watchmaker. - Albert Einstein
 Wars have never hurt anybody except the people who die. - Salvador Dali
 I have not yet begun to fight! - John Paul Jones
 Older men declare war. But it is the youth that must fight and die. - Herbert Hoover
 The victor will never be asked if he told the truth. - Adolf Hitler
 War makes thieves and peace hangs them. - George Herbert
 In modern war... you will die like a dog for no good reason. - Ernest Hemingway
 Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime. - Ernest Hemingway
 I have never advocated war except as a means of peace. - Ulysses S. Grant
 Everyone's a pacifist between wars. It's like being a vegetarian between meals. - Colman McCarthy
 War is only a cowardly escape from the problems of peace. - Thomas Mann
 No country can act wisely simultaneously in every part of the globe at every moment of time. - Henry A. Kissinger
 We have war when at least one of the parties to a conflict wants something more than it wants peace. - Jeane J. Kirkpatrick
 Mankind must put an end to war before war puts an end to mankind. - John F. Kennedy
 The basic problems facing the world today are not susceptible to a military solution. - John F. Kennedy
 You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake. - Jeannette Rankin
 A visitor from Mars could easily pick out the civilized nations. They have the best implements of war. - Herbert V. Prochnow
 War is a series of catastrophes which result in victory. - Albert Pike
 The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. - George S. Patton
 A riot is a spontaneous outburst. A war is subject to advance planning. - Richard M. Nixon
 In war, there are no unwounded soldiers. - Jose Narosky
 I'm fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in. - George McGovern
 The death of one man is a tragedy. The death of millions is a statistic. - Joseph Stalin
 When the rich wage war, it's the poor who die. - Jean-Paul Sartre
 Sometime they'll give a war and nobody will come. - Carl Sandburg
 Patriots always talk of dying for their country and never of killing for their country. - Bertrand Russell
 War does not determine who is right - only who is left. - Bertrand Russell
 You can't say civilization don't advance... in every war they kill you in a new way. - Will Rogers
 The military don't start wars. Politicians start wars. -William Westmoreland
 All war is deception. - Sun Tzu
 War is the unfolding of miscalculations. - Barbara Tuchman
 Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson quotes
 There is no road of flowers leading to glory. - Jean de La Fontaine
 Victory is sweetest when you've known defeat. - Malcolm S. Forbes
 Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time. - Arnold H. Glasgow 
 You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. - Albert Einstein
 Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be. - George Sheehan
 To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence. - Mark Twain
 Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well. - Jim Rohn
 Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude. - Zig Ziglar
 The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. - Donald Kendall
 Some people dream of success while others wake up and work hard at it. - Unknown
 Death solves all problems - no man, no problem. - Joseph Stalin
 Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live. - Norman Cousins
 Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. - Mahatma Gandhi
 Life lives, life dies. Life laughs, life cries. Life gives up and life tries. But life looks different through everyone's eyes. - Unknown


